Documentation Clean Up - Part 1 (Concepts) (#7260)
gardener/gardener: docs/concepts/admission-controller.md

> Namespaces are the backing entities of Gardener projects in which shoot clusters objects reside.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Namespaces are the backing entities of Gardener projects in which shoot cluster objects reside.
```

This validation handler protects active namespaces against premature deletion requests.
Therefore, it denies deletion requests if a namespace still contains shoot clusters or if it belongs to a non-deleting Gardener project (without `.metadata.deletionTimestamp`).

### Resource Size Validator

> Since users directly apply Kubernetes native objects to the Garden cluster, it also involves the risk of being vulnerable to DoS attacks because these resources are read continuously watched and read by controllers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since users directly apply Kubernetes native objects to the Garden cluster, it also involves the risk of being vulnerable to DoS attacks because these resources are continuously watched and read by controllers.
```

> One example is the creation of `Shoot` resources with large annotation values (up to 256 kB per value) which can cause severe out-of-memory issues for the gardenlet component.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One example is the creation of `Shoot` resources with large annotation values (up to 256 kB per value), which can cause severe out-of-memory issues for the `gardenlet` component.
```

[Vertical autoscaling](https://github.com/kubernetes/autoscaler/tree/master/vertical-pod-autoscaler) can help to mitigate such situations, but we cannot expect to scale infinitely, and thus need means to block the attack itself.

> The Resource Size Validator checks arbitrary incoming admission requests against a configured maximum size for the resource's group-version-kind combination and denies the request if the contained object exceeds the quota.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Resource Size Validator checks arbitrary incoming admission requests against a configured maximum size for the resource's group-version-kind combination.It denies the request if the object exceeds the quota.
```

With the configuration above, the Resource Size Validator denies requests for shoots with Gardener's core API group which exceed a size of 100 kB. The same is done for Kubernetes secrets.

As this feature is meant to protect the system from malicious requests sent by users, it is recommended to exclude trusted groups, users or service accounts from the size restriction via `resourceAdmissionConfiguration.unrestrictedSubjects`.

> For example, the backing user for the gardenlet should always be capable of changing the shoot resource instead of being blocked due to size restrictions.

Reviewer 2: Nit: Few lines above you used `gardenlet` instead gardenlet. You could pick one and be consistent with it.

> This is because the gardenlet itself occasionally changes the shoot specification, labels or annotations, and might violate the quota if the existing resource is already close to the quota boundary.

Reviewer 2: Nit: Few lines above you used `gardenlet` instead gardenlet. You could pick one and be consistent with it.
